---
layout: post
title:      "From Myspace to Millions, well possibly..."
date:       2020-04-25 17:18:58 -0400
permalink:  from_myspace_to_millions_well_possibly
---

My coding journey began during Myspace days when everyone wanted to "fleek" their pages out and add people to their top 10. All the popular and older kids had cool creative layouts with floating designs, funky text,  bright colors, and groovy playlists to enjoy the content as visitors scrolled through the page. I love it, I needed mine to look like that badly. Obviously, at the time I wanted to be down, I mean who doesn't want to be on-trend at 13 years old. 
I started researching ways to make my page look funky like theirs. In trying to learn how to make my background image spin I stumbled upon something called "HTML", at that moment it looked like a completely different language. While reading through it  I thought to myself, "What the hell did I get myself into ", I remembered feeling intimidated and logging off for the night. My dreams for a fancy pimped out myspace was over, I had completely given up on it until the following week when my nemesis Jasmine at the time came to school bragging about her page and that her older brother totally transformed her page and added a cheetah girls theme, I was pissed! Mainly because just weeks ago she told me I was lame for even talking about it and wanting to change my page and secondly I wanted the cheetah girls added to my page too! The girl was already popular, mean, and spoiled, and now had a cool page to make her head even bigger. Unfortunately, I was not that lucky, my siblings did not live with me and none of my friends knew HTML. That evening after school I decided to take another look at HTML and probably learn the basics. To my surprise I actually understood it, I kept on going, learning how to get the outcome I wanted and implemented everything I learned to my page. After a couple of months of self-teaching, I was able to transform my myspace and promote it to the entire 8th grade. 
Everyone loved the page and wanted to be my friend, you can say that I went viral in my junior high school. I was getting hired to transform pages for my peers and charged $10 a page, my first taste of entrepreneurship, I was rich ( in my head, of course, I made $50 to make pages cute and enjoyed it, that was a lot of cash at that age). I fell in love with it. 
Fast-forwarding to college graduated me, I was older and had added other skills to my list; marketing, public relations, graphic design, illustration, video editing, and Business Consulting. I felt confident in my skills and my knowledge of each thing learned. After years of offering free business help to family and friends and honing my skills, I decided to start my own communications and business consulting company. However, I knew I could not have done it alone so, I convinced my best friend Anmol to be my partner, that poor girl.  I wanted to help people start and grow their business by getting all their needs met in one place, The Gemini Coven Agency. I explained my ideas and goals to Anmol and for whatever reason, she believed in it and had faith in my vision. I knew we would be great together, to me,  Anmol is a freaking genius. In college we beasted out on every school project we completed together, we had a similar work ethic and interest. To ensure that our customers reached their maximum potential our clients obviously needed certain tools in place such as a business website, social media accounts, mobile-friendly websites/apps, etc. I  started offering my website building skills for free, an addition to my consulting packages, a marketing strategy to attract clients. By building websites using show it, Shopify, Wix, and square spaces drag and drop platform I was able to finesse and get the job done. I mastered the art of customization. 
However, I felt like I wanted more like I was missing something, that I could possibly improve my business by really learning code, next-level code. I wanted to learn how to create my own apps, build websites from scratch, and who knows, maybe even create software like Microsoft. 
One day while in our office at We Work Brooklyn I stumbled upon a poster that advertised the Flatiron school, a school that teaches coding, better yet, Software Programming. I thought to myself, "This must be a sign from God ! ". I got excited and immediately called Anmol, that poor girl. I explained to her why I thought it was important and how it could help us, and like the first time, she supported me and my vision. I went ahead to inquire about the program. After explaining the benefits of learning this skill Anmol later decided that we should learn it together, music to my ears. The more knowledge the better. Three weeks later Anmol and I were enrolled in the Flatiron PT online program beginning our journey of code and getting a step closer to adding this amazing service to our service list for our clients or having a backup plan if the coven blows up in ours faces. HA! hopefully, that doesn't happen, wish us luck !
